[FIX] subscriptions: update subscription products (#4052)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/sales/subscriptions/configuration/subscription_products.rst

===============================
Configure subscription products
===============================

By integrating closely with the Odoo *Sales* app, the *Subscriptions* app enables users to sell
subscription products alongside regular sales products. While regular products are sold on a
one-time basis, subscription products are sold on a renewing basis, generating recurring revenue.

Configure recurrence periods
============================

To get started with subscriptions, first make sure that the *recurrence periods* are configured as
needed.

Recurrence periods are the time periods in which subscriptions renew. They designate how often
the customer pays for (and receives) subscription products.

To configure recurrence periods, go to :menuselection:`Subscriptions --> Configuration -->
Recurrence Periods`.

> The *Subscriptions* app comes with some basic recurrence periods already configured. These can be

Reviewer: It might be good to mention the specific recurrence periods that come pre-configured.

edited as needed, and any number of new recurrence periods can be added.

To create a new recurrence period, click :guilabel:`New`. Then, type in the :guilabel:`Name` and
:guilabel:`Duration` of the recurrence period, and select the :guilabel:`Unit` that defines the
duration.

.. example::

>    To create a recurrence period such that a subscription renews every two weeks, set the

Reviewer: Just a slight change for clarity
```suggestion
   To create a recurrence period for a subscription that will renew every two weeks, set the
```

   :guilabel:`Duration` to `2` and the :guilabel:`Unit` to `Weeks`.

   .. image:: subscription_products/recurrence-period-form.png
      :align: center
      :alt: A recurrence period of 2 weeks.

Configure the product form
==========================

To create a new subscription product, navigate to the *Subscriptions* app. Then go to
:menuselection:`Subscriptions --> Products`, and click :guilabel:`New` to create a new product.

The :guilabel:`Product Type` for the new product is automatically set to :guilabel:`Service`.
Subscription products can be set to other types as well; however, they currently *cannot* be set to

> :guilabel:`Storable Product`.

Reviewer: I would include an explanation for why subscription products can't be configured with the storable product type.

Author: The explanation is just that the developers haven't deployed this feature yet :) they are planning to add it for v17. So I kept this part the same.

The new product also automatically has the :guilabel:`Recurring` checkbox activated. This enables
Odoo to recognize it as a subscription product.

.. image:: subscription_products/recurring-product-form.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The Recurring checkbox on the product form.

Next, configure the :guilabel:`Time-based pricing` tab.

Click :guilabel:`Add a price` to begin defining recurring prices.

In the :guilabel:`Period` column, select a recurrence period (e.g. Weekly, Monthly, Yearly). In the

> :guilabel:`Price` column, type in the price for that recurrence period.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:guilabel:`Price` column, enter the price for that recurrence period.
```

To create pricing rules for specific pricelists, select a pricelist in the :guilabel:`Pricelist`

> column. This allows customers belonging to this pricelist to receive special recurring pricing for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
column. This allows customers included in this pricelist to receive special recurring pricing for
```

the subscription product.

.. image:: subscription_products/pricelist-time-based-pricing.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Pricelists in the “Time-based pricing” tab of the product form.

Add as many lines as desired to the :guilabel:`Time-based pricing` table.

.. note::
   An existing product can be made into a subscription product simply by marking it as
   :guilabel:`Recurring` on the product form and configuring :guilabel:`Time-based pricing`.

>    A product can be both a regular sales product and a subscription product at the same time.

Reviewer: Should we expand on this a bit more? For instance, is there a specific way to configure products so that they are both regular and subscription products? Also, does configuring a product as both affect the way that Odoo handles it in certain workflows?
